Safety
======

Safety First, Avoid the Worst
-----------------------------
Build season can get hectic. There are many things being done, and many tools being used. Please be safe. This means wearing safety goggles when cutting things on machines, wearing gloves when dealing with CF springs, putting tools and parts away, and watching where you are going. The seconds you save by not doing these things can result in some not fun effects to you or other team members. I've had metal shavings in my eye from not wearing safety goggles, trust me, it will happen if you don't wear them when cutting metal with a machine and it will not be fun. Make sure you know how to use a tool or machine before using it. Please take the time to make sure you are being safe, so everyone can be safe too.   

Best safety practices should **always** be followed. We do stuff that **needs** to be done safely. Cutting with saws isn't something you can do while watching Youtube. We follow certain safety practices to make sure no one gets hurt. However, there will be times where you still may get scratched or nicked. In those cases, please tell someone. To keep working after you get hurt is not safe. Your health comes first.   
  
If you don't feel comfortable using a tool, and want a reminder about how to use it please **ask**. I, and the the rest of the team, value your safety more than we worry about whether you know how to use a tool. It doesn't matter how much experience you have or how old you are. If you have a question about a tool, ask.

The New 5 Second Rule
---------------------
Take 5 seconds before you start any task, and make sure you are being safe. This includes:  
  1. Wearing safety goggles when working with machines
  2. Looking around to make sure the area around in clean and to take into account any hazards, for example, cords on the floor
  3. Being sure you know how to use the tool/machine  
  
Further Reading
---------------
If you want more information on safety, check out the Machines and Tools Page.  